7 Principles of Software Testing

Testing shows presence of defects
Exhaustive testing is not possible
Early testing
Defect clustering
Pesticide paradox
Testing is context dependent
Absence of errors fallacy


Testing  Defination:
Testing is a process of checking whether the software meets to the users requirement.
Testing is used to check the quality of software.


TDM:Data place in A IMP ROLE
TEM:
test Environt setup: Setting up H/w s/w network Conectivity Data setup.

Test Bed: 
Test environment with test Data

Development environment:
It will be tested by developer.Seperate module are their for each developer.
With sample Data not using original data   
               
Test Environment: With sample Data not using original data we are doing.
Here we use Several Diffent Setups or 
Multiple environment setup takes place.QA analyst doing this
(Analysing or cheking the quality of software QA calleds testrs)

Staging Environment: Replica of live envrionemt or Production Envrionment.   
Amount of Data is less.     We work with Original Data.                  
This is done by Testor
Production Environment:
QA

Key elements to do  Test envrinment Management:
Test bed
Database setup
Setting up Exact test Data
Envrionment Setup


Smoke test
Sanity 
Exploratry testing
Stress test
Volume Testing
Load Testing
Usability Testing
Monkey Testing
Gorila Testing
GUI Testing
Fuzz testing







Use case
Interaction of user with the system




New:Tester Foundany buf in s/w callednew 
Assigned o development Team by mentioning open
Opn 10accept not accept
Fix Devevoper has to correct the code
Retest Tester will do10fixed-closed 2)not fixed Accepting and if not accepting 
Reopen 
Duplicate Same tipe of bug and closed
Deffered right not it not major problen it will be resolved developers tellstester
Rejected  this is not a bug 






JIRA is defect tracking(after assigning current status of defect) and managemetnt tool. (arranging and managing means not finding the defect,JIra does not do testing.)
we use it in agile methodology
agile methodology which is used to test and develop software.smimilar to waterfall model.

Adons ands applications in JIRA-It will again retest.
JIra does not do testing.With these we can also test the software.
Story -The documetnis called story i.e description. users requirementis called story,SRS also called story.
sprint-Iteration
epic-versions ,number of versions
scrum master is project manager scrukm means yoour project/Framework
Scrum meetings -Everybody in meetings called scrum meeting
backlog-mainting the report Backlog/{roduct backlog is a story story means user requirement/Information about current or previous sprint

Sprint terospective GIves feedback at the end of sprint

Product Owner-CUstomer

Working principll if agile is iterative 


      







































